hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2000 film x-men
there are several x-men films some
taking place before and some taking
place after the events of this film but
I will release these summaries in the
order that they were released to the
theaters the film opens in 1944 German
occupied Poland with 13 year old era
cleans hair who is separated from his
parents at a concentration camp while
Erik is reaching out to his mother he
causes metal gates to twist and bend
through the use of magnetic force
decades later we find a world where
mutants are just beginning to be
discovered mutants are humans with
genetic evolutions that allow them a
variety of superpowers we find US
Senator Robert Kelley trying to pass the
mutant Registration Act through Congress
which would force mutants to publicly
reveal their identities and their powers
at the congressional meeting a much
older Eric now known as magneto as well
as the telepath Professor Charles Xavier
discuss their different views on the
relationships between humans and mutants
the film transitions to a 17 year old
named Murray who discovers that she is a
mutant by accidentally putting her
boyfriend into a coma just by kissing
him she later discovers that she has the
ability to absorb life force and mutant
abilities from anyone she touches out of
fear of being persecuted she changes her
name to rogue and runs away to Canada at
a bar she meets Logan a mutant who goes
by the name Wolverine and who has
superhuman healing abilities heightened
strength and senses as well as metal
claws that protrude from his knuckles
they travel on the road together where
they are attacked by another mutant
named Sabretooth who works for Magneto
Rogan Wolverine are saved by two other
mutants Cyclops who has lasers that shoe
from his eyes and storm who can control
the weather
they bring rogue and Wolverine back to a
school in New York ran by Professor
Xavier the Savior explains that it's a
school for mutants which also houses a
group known as the x-men a group who
seeks peace with the human race they
also work to prevent magneto from
escalating the war between
humans and mutants magneto has senator
Kelly abducted by two mutants toad and
the shapeshifter mystique magneto uses
Kelly as a test subject for a machine
that artificially induces mutation to
try to turn Kelly into a mutant kelly
uses his new abilities to escape his
imprisonment back at the school rogue is
convinced by the shape-shifter mystique
who is disguised as a classmate to leave
the school Xavier uses a special mutant
locating machine called cerebro to find
rogue at the train station as the x-men
leave to go find rogue mystique
sabotages the cerebro machine at the
train station
Wolverine tries to convince rogue to
stay but a fight ensues with Magneto
toad and Sabretooth magneto kidnaps
rogue and leaves back at the school
senator Kelly arrives to reveal to
Xavier what happened to him and died
shortly after turning into a puddle of
water the x-men realized that magneto
wants to use his artificial mutation
machine on a much larger scale and
affect thousands of people at a world
leaders summit the problem is that
magneto nearly died using his machine
when he was testing it the first time so
he plans to use rogue after copying his
abilities to trigger the machine killing
rogue instead of killing Magneto Xavier
attempts to locate rogue using cerebro
but mystique sabotage causes him to fall
into a coma the telepath gene gray
repair cerebrum and uses the machine to
locate magneto on Liberty Island the
x-men scaled the Statue of Liberty storm
electrocutes toad and Wolverines stabs
mystique magneto begins to force rogue
to use the artificial mutation machine
Sabretooth is killed by Wolverine
Cyclops and Jean Grey storm is able to
use her abilities to lift over rain to
have him stop Magneto's machine however
magneto uses his ability to control
metal to stop Wolverine Cyclops shoots
Magneto however knocking him out
Wolverine stops the machine and pulls
rogue out Wolverine has rope absorb his
powers allowing rogue to heal herself as
the film begins to conclude we see
Xavier has recovered and that mystique
is still alive impersonating senator
Kelly
Xavier tells Wolverine that
he has discovered a secret military base
that may have some information on
Wolverines past the film ends with
Xavier visiting magneto in a prison
entirely constructed of plastic with the
- playing chess magneto warns that he
will continue to fight and Xavier
promises that he and the x-men will be
there to stop him so that was the
spoilers for x-men if you have another
film you'd like to see me spoil please
let me know in the comments below check
out movie's spoiler alerts on our
various forms of social media and
remember to Like and subscribe thanks
for watching